Of course, I'll do it.
Your father's life depends on it.
What you did was disgraceful,
but doing the operation is only right.
- Thank you. - Unfortunately,
I can't free up my schedule because it's already packed.
When I worked with a talented doctor like you,
I could free up a day or two.
However, it's impossible to do that now.
Professor...
You should find another doctor.
Please consider it one more time.
I feel bad, but I have no choice.
- Professor... - You should leave.
I beg you.
I beg you, professor.
Please save my father.
If you save my father,
I will do everything I can to return the favor.
So please...
Why are you doing this, Eun Jae?
You're making me look like I'm a bad doctor...
who is choosing not to do the surgery.
How can you do this to her?
Think about how Doctor Song helped you.
- You can't do this to her. - What are you doing?
You are choosing not to do it.
You just want her to pay for betraying you.
Doctor Kim, what are you doing?
- Stop it right now. - Doctor Song.
Apologize to Professor Kim.
I don't want to.
I'm sorry for causing a big fuss.
Everything is my fault.
But please forgive...
Doctor Kim this time.
Doctor Song!
I don't think I've been a good teacher to you.
Why do you say that?
Is this how I taught you?
Where did you learn to doubt...
fellow doctors?
Would you have done that?
Would you refuse to save a patient...
just because of a grudge you're holding against someone...
even though you have enough time?
- Of course not. - But why do you think he would?
- That's because... - Keep this in mind.
Professor Kim is not only your teacher...
but also your colleague.
If you don't trust your colleagues,
you can't operate properly with them.
If you can't operate with them, you can't save your patients.
Do you understand what I am talking about?
- Yes, Doctor Song. - All right then.
Dad, wake up. Dad!
Excuse me! Please come here!
What's wrong with you, Dad?
We have a code blue in room 112. We have a code blue in room 112.
- Eun Jae! Eun Jae! - What is it, Woo Jae?
There's something wrong with Dad.
Woo Jae, calm down, okay?
Did you call a doctor?
- Take me to the airport. Quickly. - All right.
Woo Jae, listen to me carefully.
I'm going there right now. Calm down.
Get a hold of yourself, okay?
All right, Eun Jae. Come quickly.
Dad is going to be all right. Nothing bad is going to happen.
Nothing bad is going to happen.
Of course not.
Can you hurry up, please?
Someone must be sick.
Please.
Nothing's going to happen.
Are we there yet?
Miss.
I think you already missed the last flight.
What?
Sir.
Could you please...
stop the car? Please?
(Medical chart)
Park Sung Ryeol.
(Park Sung Ryeol)
Is it too late?
Hello, this is Haeshim Island's clinic.
Hi, sorry for calling so late.
I'm Doctor Kwak Hyun from the hospital ship.
Oh, hello.
Have Park Sung Ryeol check his blood sugar on an empty stomach.
I called ahead.
He's bound to forget and eat breakfast straight away.
I know.
Don't you worry. I'll visit him early in the morning.
Okay, thank you.
Bye.
(Song Eun Jae)
Hello?
This is...
- Song Eun Jae. - Hi.
Talk to me. What's wrong?
Hello?
Doctor Song.
Where are you? Why are the cars so close?
I need to board a plane,
but I couldn't.
I'm about to go to the station, but...
Where are you?
Tell me where you are. I'll come over.
No, it's okay. I'm fine.
Could you go to Woo Jae?
I think they issued a Code Blue on my dad.
My brother's all alone.
That's why.
Okay.
I'll go over there.
I'll stay with Woo Jae.
So don't cry...
and listen to me.
Your dad...
will be fine.
I'll protect him with all my might, so...
Take your time and get here safely.
Don't get lost.
Okay?
Yes.
Hello.
He bled from the drainage tube, but he's stable now.
They'll test him in the morning...
No.
He doesn't need tests.
He needs surgery.
We must open him up to find the cause of the bleeding.
- If not... - Stop.
That's enough.
Don't think for now.
I'll stay here tonight.
Go to the dorm and sleep. Don't...
No. I'm okay now.
I'll stay.
Okay then.
Go to the dorm and sleep when Woo Jae wakes.
Fortunately, you have tomorrow off.
- I... - Still,
thank you.
For thinking of me...
when you needed someone.
I'm off.
(Geoje Jeil Hospital)
Bleeding?
- Is it serious? - Testing doesn't help now.
Before he suffers from hypovolemic shock,
we must open him up to identify the cause.
We must rush the operation.
- Yes. - What did Doctor Kim say?
He has too many surgeries and can't free his schedule.
Is that really his reason?
He has too many patients and can't take one more?
Of course.
Tell the truth.
- Does his grudge for you... - No. That's not true.
I will operate on my dad, director.
Doctor Song.
If we stall any longer,
I might not get a chance.
Please say yes.
I can't lose my dad too...
without doing anything.
Okay.
Let's give it a shot.
Thank you.
It's better with milk.
- Try it. - Thank you.
Did you hear?
- Hear what? - Doctor Song's dad.
She'll operate on him.
- What? - What was that?
Doctor Song will do what?
Operate on her own dad?
What does he have?
Why didn't she tell us anything?
Doctor Kwak.
What's that look about?
Are you upset he revealed a secret?
I can't believe Doctor Song didn't tell,
but I'm more upset with the both of you.
Nurse Pyo.
Aren't we family?
How could you not tell us when Doctor Song's dad...
is sick enough to need surgery?
Try to understand.
You know better than anyone what Doctor Song is like.
I can't understand.
I won't even try to.
- Let go of me. - Nurse Pyo.
Nurse Pyo.
She's really upset this time.
What if she doesn't want to be my partner?
Why worry? You have me.
What?
Keep quiet. Now is not the time for jokes.
Why are you so slow?
Over here.
You have a really important surgery.
Why didn't you call me?
Don't you need an assistant?
- Nurse Pyo. - Sorry.
We work together every day and I didn't know a thing.
I should've been able to tell even when you said nothing.
Right?
What is going on here?
You left as if you never wanted to see her again.
When did I leave like that?
You should tell us about these things.
Why didn't you tell us?
When someone's sick,
you need to tell people so they can look out for cures.
Doctor Song.
Cheer up.
We can't help you, but we'll support you from outside.
Be strong.
Good luck.
Thank you.
Come on.
- I'm sorry, okay? - Okay.
We should help at a time like this.
What brought you all the way here?
I had business in Seoul, so I stopped by.
Do you have time for a cup of tea?
Of course. Come with me.
Dr. Song will do the operation herself?
She has no other choice.
Will you be okay?
Be okay with what?
Will you be okay with Dr. Song's operating...
on her own father?
What's your point?
I'm giving you a chance.
A chance to be a mature person.
- Dr. Kim. - You're standing at a crossroad.
Will you be a self-righteous and stubborn old man?
Or will you be a wise and virtuous adult?
What kind of a person do you want to be as you age?
[VIU Ver] Episode 23 Hospital Ship "It's Not Your Fault"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Is something wrong? - No.
Did Jeil Hospital's director come because of Dr. Song?
Song Eun Jae will perform the operation on her father.
Why are you surprised? Isn't it obvious that she would?
That's still...
Professor.
It's not my place, but I'd like to say something.
I think you should let her win this time.
No matter how much you hate her, this isn't right.
You must perform the operation.
Is that what you also think?
Did I refuse to do the operation because I dislike Dr. Song?
Isn't that why?
It's not because I dislike her.
What if it's because I'm afraid?
Will you stop respecting me?
Please don't say that.
Have you seen her father's records?
Not only does it require liver lobectomy,
but it also involves whipple operation. It's a big deal.
No matter how good you are, success rate is less than 30 percent.
There's a selection for the director position at the hospital.
I should be careful not to be eliminated.
I can't put myself at risk to lose my job.
- However... - It's Song Eun Jae of all people.
She's smart enough to do a good job.
She can do it.
The patient's name is Song Jae Joon. He is 59 years old.
The tumor started in the biliary tract.
Currently, it has spread to the pancreas and the liver.
For his case,
I'll perform liver lobectomy and Whipple operation...
simultaneously.
The expected operation time is 12 hours.
(Song Jae Joon)
Drink this.
Your face is screaming for caffeine.
Or shall we go out and have a drink?
- 1 drink is good for exhaustion. - Have 2.
Have two drinks and sleep in the dormitory.
It's okay.
Listen to me.
You need enough rest for the operation.
Woo Jae is definitely right.
Please take my sister to the dormitory.
Eun Jae.
It's this way.
That can't be easy.
How does she get lost at her own hospital?
She still knows her way to the operation room.
Are you trying to side with her?
It's finally tomorrow.
Are you worried?
No, I won't worry.
You're always so brave.
Have you forgotten that I'm your senior?
The way you're speaking isn't appropriate.
Do you remember what you asked me?
"Why do you keep pushing me away"?
You asked if it's because you couldn't save my mother.
You have the right to resent me.
If I were you, I'd resent myself.
I was her guardian.
From the guardian's perspective...
When you lose your family member unexpectedly,
you can't help but resent someone.
Even if it's a good doctor like you.
I read the charts.
Your diagnoses were meticulous.
From stomach diseases to heart diseases,
you made diagnoses that weren't obvious.
More importantly,
I'm sure that you explained kindly to my mother.
Mom was afraid to come to my hospital because of me,
but she mustered up the courage to see a doctor.
That's why.
It's the reason why I tried to push you away.
It's because you're such a good doctor.
I don't want to lose...
such a great colleague.
If we remain colleagues,
we can work together for a long time.
- Gosh. - The traffic is heavy.
There's an endless line of buses...
It's Chuseok.
I wish it were after Chuseok.
Do you mean the operation?
Yes.
Then...
I could prepare...
a memorial service for your mother.
You can visit her grave when you get better after the operation.
Mom will understand.
What's wrong?
It hasn't been told in a while...
Never mind.
Children play traditional games with their relatives.
You're right.
Let's do that.
Okay.
Patient Song Jae Joon. Are you ready?
We'll transfer you to the operating room.
- Pardon me, sir. - Let's go.
(Operating Room)
Please take care of him.
Let's go.
Stay strong, Dad.
Do well, okay?
It's nothing. You can do it.
You can do it. Let's go.
Let's go, Song Jae Joon.
You can do it, Eun Jae.
Stay strong.
Are you scared?
If I tell you I'm not scared,
are you going to believe me?
You don't need to be scared.
I...
I can do this.
It will be all over by the time you wake up.
If...
If, Eun Jae...
Even if something goes wrong,
it's not your fault.
It's not...
your fault.
Do you understand?
Why don't you answer me?
Answer me.
Right now.
You look great,
my daughter.
Your mom...
raised...
you...
so well.
Let's go.
Breathe.
It's your father on the table,
but you should just think of him as cadaver.
No, that's not right.
You shouldn't think that he's not human.
Doctor Kim.
Which side is it?
What are you doing here?
What do you think? I'm here to assist you.
Take it.
I'm not too late, right?
Why are you here?
You should have called me earlier.
I was frying vegetable pancakes when I heard,
so I left the pancakes and came all the way here.
Let's go, Doctor Song.
Hurry up,
or others will take your place.
Gosh.
(Episode 24 will air shortly.)